# Mauricio-Dorninger
10 years of experience in HR and subsystems, especially Headhunter Currently participates as startup project consultant at Orion Hospital in Goiânia (Albert Einstein Foundation - SP) forming team of care vacancies throughout the hospital (Nurses, Administration, Logistics, Copiers, and Nutrition Technician), and also the Flamboyant Group ( vacancies), and psychological evaluator of the Selection Process 2019 of Sescoop / GO. For almost 3 years, HR Business Partner and Headhunter of SGS UNIGEO in the state of Goiás, acting as regional support of SGS do Brasil in all HR subsystems and Personal Department in GO, MT, BA, PR. He served as Professor of Personal and Professional Development and People Management, Great experience with Training and People Development Experience in mass and corporate recruitment. HR implementation and startup experience. Participated in implementation projects in a large company in the Telecommunications area. Participated in the Project of Training of Leaders in a large company in the area of ​​Telecommunications. R&amp;S Team Manager for over 2 years. Experience with training and development of people and integration of new employees. Extensive knowledge in psychological assessment, and selection by skills. Conducted employee development projects that participated in Oi and Brasil Telecom Internal Selection Programs. Elaborated and participated in the creation of Brasil Telecom / Oi Internal Opportunity Programs. Experience with R&amp;S, Institutional Integration, People Management Projects and Processes, Corporate Training and Development, Organizational Climate Survey of over 200 employees.
